Let's see this in action.
Let's create a client responsible for calling out to the NumberTowords service.
I've opened the project in IntelliJ,
and I've navigated to the NumberClient file.
In order to create a web service client,
all we need to do is extend WebServiceGatewaySupport like I'm doing here.
This client contains one method called getWords.
Notice, it takes a string of numbers and it returns back a NumberToWordsResponse.
Now, where did this NumberToWordsResponse come from?
It came from the code generated by the wisdom.
So that's down here,
underneath this xjc folder.
So NumberToWordsResponse let's take a look at that.
So in NumberToWordsResponse, we get
a string back and that's going to represent the string of numbers.
Okay. I'm navigated back to NumberClient.
On line 12, I have the URL of the SOAP web service.
Online's 15.
I'm creating a numberRequest.
It's of type NumberToWords.
Where did this type come from?
This is another one that was generated for us.
So let's take a look at it, NumberToWords.
So in NumberToWords, there's one field which is the big integer.
I've created numberRequest, and I'm setting
that big integer to the number that's passed in.
So whatever string of numbers is passed in,
we are passing to this setUbiNum method.
On line 19, I'm receiving a response.
So notice, I'm receiving a NumberToWordsResponse.
I'm calling the getWebServiceTemplate method,
and then I'm calling the Marshall send and receive,
passing in the URL,
and the number request.
All this method does is to return the response.
Now, let's look at testing out this client.
So navigate to the main Spring Boot application, and it's ConsumingApplication.java.
Now, I have this application class implementing the command line runner,
and I'm overriding the run method.
So this will allow the application to be packaged up to run from the console.
So we can see the results down here in real time.
Within the run method on line 18,
I'm creating a NumberClient.
On line 21, I'm setting up the jacks be marshaller.
In this is to serialize and de-serialize XML requests to and from Java.
Online 24, I'm setting the context path of
the marshaller passing in the location of the object factory.
So the object factory was also provided when we generated the code from the wisdom.
If you scroll down here,
you'll see ObjectFactory, and it's essentially used to create the objects needed.
So let's go back to the consuming application class.
I'm adding the marshaller to the client here on line 27,
and on line 28.
Now here on line 31,
I'm using the NumberClient,
I'm calling the getWords method that we looked at and passing in 3,454.
I'm storing the response which is a NumberToWordsResponse,
and then here on line 34,
I'm simply printing everything out.
So let's execute this code.
We should see the output of 3,454 as words.
Skip it a second to execute,
and here we have our response 3,454 as expected.